---
title: "FOSSConf 09"
date: 2009-03-01
slug: fossconf-09
excerpt: "As a new cap on TCE's feather, this time we have hosted FOSSConf, a national level conference on Free/open Source Software on Feb 27,28 and Mar 1st(today). It w…"
tags: [college, events]
legacy: true
original_url: http://intrepidkarthi.com/blog/?p=80
---

As a new cap on TCE's feather, this time we have hosted FOSSConf, a national level conference on Free/open Source Software on Feb 27,28 and Mar 1st(today). It was conducted by ILUGC(Indian Linux User Group of Chennai) every year. Last time it was conducted in MIT, Chennai. We had got first prize for best stall demonstrators. This time we got this golden opportunity on a great bidding. It was a short time span since we started to working on it. But it was possible for us by having a huge work force, my buddies and my juniors. With in a month we have made all the arrangements successfully. We have got some sponsors too.

This conference mainly focuses on creating awareness to people on free/open source softwares. We have sent posters to all the schools around southern region, engineering colleges in tamilnadu and around India, and govt offices in tamilnadu. We have invited every part of people including general public. In the conference, we had two type of things. One is demo/project stalls and the second one is talks by speakers coming from all over India. We had 15 demo stalls and 15 project stalls in open air auditorium. This is the first time we are having a exhibition in TCE like this. We are really proud to say this.

The active members from Ilugc was really helpful to us. It was conducted as a whole department confrence led by our HOD mam. All the staff members and also students involved in this. Stalls were arranged in open air auditorium and talks were arranged in cs halls. We had IIT professor as our chief guest. Our correspondent also was there for the inauguration function. It went very nice and perfectly. Everybody appreciated us for our arrangements. Schools children also were demonstrating in stalls. This was added joyful for us since we are making awareness on schools itself. We had the inauguration at today evening 4:00 PM. The prizes were given for best demo stalls, best project  and also to best speaker. I have presented the vote of thanks. Our organizing team also have got prize. It was very surprise to us.

It was a great function in TCE's history definitely. And we are really proud in organized it perfectly.
